hey there gorgeous happy June to you
it's time for a combo video and I know
many of you look forward to these videos
each month I look forward to them too
because they're actually the easiest
videos for me to film hands down in May
I had a little bit of a love affair with
Mac eye shadows I was loving me some
matte guy's shadows of a so I have a lot
of Mac eye shadow combinations to share
with you they're gonna be four and
there's also one from Urban Decay's
Naked 3 so let's get right onto it
the first eyeshadow that I absolutely
love didn't think I would like that much
but I discovered it in May is Mac's aqua
aqua is a matte light blue I absolutely
love this eyeshadow it's so pigmented so
beautiful applies effortlessly and this
combo uses aqua on the inner third of
the lid blue calm on the middle of the
lid Brune on the outer third of the lid
and kid in the crease look look and I've
been looking for a new way to wear Mac's
blue calm here lately because blue calm
is another one of those eyeshadows that
I personally struggle with wearing a lot
because it's so doggone vibrant but by
placing a little bit of it like that in
the middle of the lid looks great oh and
if you don't have blue calm fresh water
is another great eyeshadow to use there
too because it's another one of those
really bright blues that is really hard
to wear it looks next look is one of my
most favorites I love this one I was
wearing it a lot this past month when I
went out and it uses de blamed on the
inner half of the lid sketch on the
outer half of the lid coral in the
crease this is a pro eye shadow I love
this color and carbon in the outer V I
love the mixture of colors there the
Pink's the Purple's the orange so pretty
okay here is your naked 3 look this look
is probably one of the few combinations
that I have been able to create with the
Naked 3 palette that does not have any
pink in it whatsoever so this is more of
your neutral combination
using naked3 this combo uses strange on
the inner half of the lid factory on the
outer half of the lid and trick in the
crease not pretty I love that and it's
perfect for every day not too much not
too over-the-top and if you struggle
with shimmery eyeshadows in your crease
try taking aim at blending shade and go
over it a little bit with your matte
blending shade and that'll help to tone
down the shimmer worth combo I was
loving in May is one that I recently
discovered this past week and it's using
one of my most favorite duochrome
eyeshadows of all Mac's Club just pick
this one up started using it again and I
found a new way to wear it and it's
using only club and a black base so in
this look all I did was I took a black
base I used Mac's black round Paint Pot
and applied it onto the lid and my
layered club over that this cancels out
all of the brown tones and the eyeshadow
really brings out the green and I
applied club into the crease and on the
lower lash line and you can see they're
two completely different colors but I'm
still using only one eyeshadow also if
you don't have a black base like black
round you don't have to go out and buy
it because you can use your black gel
eyeliner in place of it as well take a
little bit of your black gel eyeliner
don't use too much because it is gonna
be so pigmented and just apply that onto
your lid and really blend out the edges
and then apply your eye shadow color
over that and after discovering that
combination with club I started
experimenting more with some other
duochrome
eyeshadows and Mac's line because you
can do this type of technique with so
many of Mac's duochrome eyeshadows so it
published a post this past week last
week that talked about all of the
different eyeshadows that you can use
like this and I also gave you three
examples in that post so if you want to
see those looks I will link that below
for you as well
last combo is a neutral look one of my
most favorites this is the one that gets
a lot of compliments constantly on the
website and this look uses brown down on
the inner and outer third of the lid if
you don't have brown down because I've
leave this one it's been discontinued
also you can use any dark brown here
like charcoal brown espresso hand
written any of those will work well here
too all that glitters on the middle of
the lid and cork in the crease love that
look so simple to recreate especially
when you're in a rush and you just want
something that looks like you spent a
lot of time butyou really bitten so for
June I am planning to do a lot of looks
with the Too Faced chocolate bar on the
website for members the it cosmetics
naturally pretty palette I'll be doing a
lot of looks with that one too
and what else cuz when there was another
palette I don't know but those are the
palettes that I'll be using in June so
hopefully for June I will have some
combinations outside of Mac to share
with you then as well Oh motives motives
eyeshadows I put them down and I haven't
picked them up in so long it's been a
few months since I've used any of their
eyeshadows but they're really great so
I'll have to do some combos with them so
I can share those with you for the June
favorites and maybe some Inglot because
I need to start picking up my eating lot
more I mean seriously I hope that you
found this video helpful today and let
me know that any of your favorite
eyeshadows or favorite combos have been
for this past month thanks for watching
see you next time are you looking for
new ways to wear your eyeshadows
discover the only website online with
pictures of combinations using the
eyeshadows featured in today's look and
so many more head on over to my
eyeshadow consultant comm and get
inspired today